US president Donald Trump intends to
sign a bill that imposes sanctions on
Russia Iran North Korea the White House
said in a statement so this is uh
concerning to me because sanctions are
in fact an act of War now maybe you may
want to do so to North Korea but you're
lumping in Iran and Russia into that
when you know a lot of
people see them as being sort of um all
together where I don't necessarily think
that North Korea
has anything to do with the other two
but
regardless sanctions as far as I'm
concerned are the beginning of an act of
War if you're trying to threaten a
country if you're trying to get them to
sort of you know puff up their chest
well you're going to do that I don't
really agree with sanctions I don't
think that's the best way to handle
things I think that there needs to be
diplomacy and I think that there needs
to be smaller government but what do I
know okay now speaking of North Korea I
see this all the time this is not a fact
this is my opinion this is my
observation okay I see these pictures
all the time okay every time there's a
new missile test I always look at the
pictures and I always just see how weird
this is and it just to me again no
evidence total speculation just total
observation I should say this seems so
fake to me I just look at it everything
seems so
fake everything from the guy from his
haircut to his suits that he wears to
the the clothing they wear to the fact
that we're outside on this Mountaintop
area okay and they have like wooden
desks and office
chairs and and television sets
outside they're outside it just it just
just is this an outdoor office with
no I I don't know I don't know how to
explain it but to me it just it just
seems so fake like it's a stage that
they set up they purposely sit there
they say okay now hug each other smile
take a picture you're
cheering it just seems fake it seems
more fake
than other fake propaganda that we've
been
told that's enough all right quickly
looking at Mexico right now the police
officers grip their assault rifles
tightly as they stared at the men
filling plastic tanks and loading them
onto dozen pickup trucks in a cornfield
in central Mexico even though the crime
was being committed in front of the team
the officer said it was too dangerous to
move in so we could see there stealing
gasoline there the drug cartels have
such power in Mexico right
now and my opinion on this is that if
they made certain drugs
legal you probably wouldn't have the
black market for it that's what you do
when you make something illegal you
create a black market and you allow the
drug cartels to expand but guess what
you as a drug cartel you know head
probably have your hands in the pockets
of all of these politicians that allow
this to continue take the power out of
their hands stop running the drug stop
allowing o ing the drugs to be run in
and out of these countries
through Central through South America
Broad inward through Mexico
into the US and all the way into Canada
as
well I don't like these policies I think
this is terrible I think that this is
allowing you know you're taking
something and you're really making it a
lot
worse you may not agree with the drugs
but they're being done anyway and this
way you get a lot of bad people that are
getting a lot of power from these
drugs so to me I see one solution to
that but that's my opinion exclusive you
may have not seen this and I thought
that was really important I wanted to
cover it read the previously undisclosed
plan to counter Russian hacking on
Election Day this was something else
let's look at this here Obama's White
House quietly produced a plan in October
to counter a possible election day Cyber
attack that included Extraordinary
Measures like sending armed federal law
enforcement agents to polling places
that's military on the streets
mobilizing components of the military
and launching counter propaganda efforts
and they were
declaring that would be martial law
martial law could have been declared
should there be a
possible election day Cyber
attack that's something that as far as
I'm concerned is
concerning it's not something that
should be taken lightly and that plan
was produced it was ready to
go they didn't use it thankfully but
it's scary to think about another note
that I wanted to make was uh during this
more recent rise this is a little
updated now but the Bitcoin rise right
at this point right here the US seeks
asset forfeiture related to the alpha
Bay dark Market web market I'll get into
that more in in just a moment but as
soon as that happened Bitcoin just took
a rise up and that's what happens too
you know when you see a lot of turmoil
perhaps in the markets you you'll see
gold that may rise temporarily
anyway and it's that concern that people
just jump on that or the algorithms May
jump on that and so let's discuss more
about this right here Alpha
Bay two of the largest dark web markets
have been shut down following a landmark
international law invest uh enforcement
investigation so these two uh sites here
Alpha Bay and hanza associated with the
trade in illicit items such as drugs
weapons Mal and stolen data so it's
basically like a Kajiji or a
Craigslist and you go on there and you
can buy literally anything illegal and
it's done through the dark web and the
way you access the dark web is different
than the regular Internet it's
underground it finds its way um through
a different means okay so you access it
through a different type of browser not
like your Internet Explorer Safari or
whatever you have to access through a
different means you go through there and
you're able to get on this market now
that market was supposed to be secure
supposed to be a way to um not have to
deal with the scrutiny with the
regulations uh of the different
countries rules but unfortunately that
these two have found their
way U to
be basically taken down
now I'm not for the sale in this way
like like dealing with all of these
stolen data and things that innocent
people could be hurt by this okay there
could be anything sold on here some
disgusting things let's just say that
and um that's not a good
thing
so I would like to say that at the same
time however if you and I want to
transact in any means I'm talking about
the financial transaction or um you know
some sort of items that I want to give
you there really shouldn't be an
involvement of a third party I don't
like that so for example if uh you and I
personally you and I want to trade
something and there's a third person uh
watching us maybe he wants to know right
so he wants to know what that is well I
just want to deal with you and me I
don't want that other guy looking at it
I want that other guy to know how much I
paid you I don't want to know that maybe
I I bought something whatever it is we
won't even say it on here because the
government's listening but anyway let's
just say I wanted to buy a phone from
you okay and and um the government wants
you know if you made profit on that if
you made $1,000 because I bought your
iPhone that you have
to claim that on your on your income
taxes and everything else I mean that to
me that's silly that's that's so
silly so that's why I think that Bitcoin
and other sort of cryptocurrencies and
these uh digital currencies are popular
because a lot of people want to be able
to have a way to transact without the
knowledge of a third party whatever your
opinion is on all those I just I hope
you can see where I'm where I'm going
with that the government wants to stick
their hands in everything and people are
looking for loopholes around that that's
just all I wanted to note
okay the Brazilian armed forces have
begun deploying 10,000 troops in the
state of rioo de Janeiro to help fight
against organized crime so there are
military on the streets and this is
nothing new I've seen it myself in
Mexico um look at this 8
8,500 were
mobilized I mean 8,500 troops on the
streets that's big when you think about
they send at a time they send thousands
to places like Iraq
Afghanistan and think about
8,500 in in Brazil in one particular
City that's a lot I mean it isn't
exactly um it hasn't become a very safe
place unfortunately from what I've seen
I'm not on the ground obviously but um
you can see that these very large
metropolises have trouble maintaining
order not all of them and definitely to
different degrees but that's what I see
anyway and you just get a lot of um you
get a lot of poverty and you get very
very few that are wealthy and The Great
Divide continues to expand this is all
ever
since the
Olympics so you use a lot of money to
build stadiums to do this and that and
you piss off a lot of people and then
what happens is you get this situation
here where people just continue to Riot
they loot they create all sorts of havoc
and not happy why because they're in
poverty if they were doing well they
wouldn't be busting
down store stores and looting and
everything else I assure
you all right last but not least quickly
Beijing has so far released scan
information about the
3day live fire drill which is expected
to last through Saturday but analysts
say it was also aimed at the
demonstrating China's resolve amid
heightened tensions over North Korea's
nuclear Pro
provocations
so this right
here we're talking about the naval
drills that have been going on and all
the whole reason I mentioned this anyway
is because we have the tensions going on
between China being in the middle and
North Korea and the US on either side
here this here is going to escalate I
can definitely see that world powers are
going to get together and they are going
to have to decide something they're
going to come up with some sort of
Redline scenario and I think that China
is going to have to make a decision and
I think it's going to be big China is
really the one that is going
to be that decision maker here and every
effort to push China onto North Korea
has failed as far as I can tell so this
is something that very very serious
so that's all for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up and last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
new release global economic collapse
even more informative so check them out
you can flip through them at Amazon they
have a look a look inside feature that
would allow you to flip through the
pages of these books to see if you like
them take care